# FSD-Template

Project generated by Archengius' [UE4 Template Generator](https://github.com/Archengius/UE4GameProjectGenerator). Reflected C++ classes generated by CheatingMuppet & Archengius' [UE4SS UHT Generator](https://github.com/UE4SS/UE4SS). If you want to use these tools to generate a FSD project yourself, contact me (Buckminsterfullerene#6666) on Discord for information on how to fix all of the build errors *of which there are plenty*.

## Usage
To use, click use this as a template, [clone](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/adding-and-cloning-repositories/cloning-and-forking-repositories-from-github-desktop) or fork the repository and follow these steps:
* Double click FSD.uproject to build the project - **NOTE** that it will take a while on the first time since it has to build all the modules. **If the build fails, you must do the following:**
    * You must have Visual Studio (free) or Rider (not free) installed, then you should be able to right click the FSD.uproject and select "Generate Visual Studio Project Files" (if there isn't already a .sln file in the project).
* Then you can copy all of your files from your old FSD projects (if you have any) to the Content folder. 
* When you go to package your project for the first time, it will rebuild all the modules again, so it will take another while. From then on it should all be normal speed.
* If you want to generate a .sln file (or regenerate if one already exists), from inside Unreal Engine, navigate to File -> Create Visual Studio Project e.g. File -> Create Visual Studio Solution. It will then create a new solution file in the same directory as your project.

If your project building gets the errors along the lines of:
> Error: Visual Studio 2019/2022 is installed, but is missing the C++ toolchain.<br>

Then you need to open the Visual Studio Installer app, click 'Modify' on your Visual Studio installation, and select the 'Desktop development with C++' and '.NET desktop development' (you will need this later) options.

If your project building is getting errors along the lines of:
> c1xx: fatal error C1076: compiler limit: internal heap limit reached<br>
> c1xx: error C3859: Failed to create virtual memory for PCH

Then you need to just build it again. Same with first time packaging - package it again.

*Note: Some of these steps are a lot easier with Rider EAP that now has fantastic UE support but requires a licence to use. If you do use it however, contact me and I'll show you how to do it with that instead.*

## Commit Tags
There are 3 types of commits that will be made to inform when you might want to upgrade to the newest version of the template:
* **MAJOR**: When you absolutely MUST upgrade to the newest. This will likely be for major game updates.
* **MINOR**: When you should consider updating as there are fixes or improvements, but you don't have to.
* **PATCH**: When the change is so small that you can have a look at what changed to see if you should bother to update, but doesn't really matter if you don't want to.
* **README**: Just an update to the README.md file.

Enjoy!
